When Life Gives You Questions, Google has Answers 
If at first you don't succeed; call it version 1.0 
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code
Roses are #FF0000. Violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you.
Girls are like internet domain names, the ones I like are already taken. 
9x-7i > 3(3x-7u) = i <3 u :) 
You know it's love when you memorize her IP number to skip DNS overhead. 
I AM NOT YOUR F1 BUTTON! 
You're just jealous because the voices only talk to me. 
Science is the art of answering the tough questions, and questioning the easy answers. 
Sometimes when my internet is down, I forget that the rest of my computer still works. 
SELECT * FROM users WHERE clue > 0 - returned 0 results 
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate. 
Real programmers don't document. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand. 
I just can't seem to hack your heart and spam you with my words. 
E may equal MC squared, but u+me always equals us 
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. 
Men have become the tools of their tools. 
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. 
The Internet treats censorship as a malfunction and routes around it. 
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do. 
There are two rules for success: 1) Never tell everything you know
Hardware: the parts of a computer that can be kicked.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
Artificial Intelligence is no match for Natural Stupidity.
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
if YOUTUBE MYSPACE i'll GOOGLE your YAHOO
A thousand words are worth a picture, and they load a heck of a lot faster.
